The explosion games here you find the
games and goes up for all platforms
with the best market price guarantee
for more than ten years links in the
description and then beauty and
I've been here with you with another video
we fall short of the stem usually a
law is clear and what you saw there was
I'm from giovanni and guilherme para gente
do the trio off this week and
yes, we got the victory here
perfect gave at least I got
complete my captain this time the
giovanni and guilherme had not
completed and we believe here the lighthouse
I promise that if I rehabilitate the lighthouse
then they succeeded also continued
playing and completed tables of her beauty
one thing I tell you here is
that you do not have equal I am the slot
of full titles not the exotic title
next
in the trunk use the beacon giant
you will not win then you
have then not left full leave empty
is the space at least from your
titles for you to win the title
exotic you will lose because he did not
goes to the beige safe is a tip to
You who are arriving there are I week
we managed to make believe that he played
I think about seven games out of nine
that the other staff must win
Unfortunately, there is a lot of
people coming out and it's not very legal anymore
finally let's do our part here just
so it's not too boring to stay
waiting orbit ipa and went to the place and
arriving there I criticize the day by exchanging
idea here because the attacker set fire to
right at the beginning it 's a new beauty
and I finally arrived here today is
face and mercury that same first time
that I come here with my feet or go
say so
Last week I did not get mercury
I was very upset with the dash
unfortunately some facts are happening
that a lot of people saw in live that I
I ended up doing it for you and it annoyed me.
A lot then I was a little upset
so I did not bring it, not wanting
to play but mercury last week and
I was only in the same old prison
but the week here I said do not go
get there you have to bring
youtube staff also on the channel anyway
and I tried to get first face
first game I played
with an attempt I made with the arcane
get the singer also my title is
the bass I tried but I could not
arrive and still with him but they will arrive
future for sure next week
The week I did not play but did not
beauty is to note down there in this rich
Wonderful, this bag that sends
the hour arrives in that place and
You come there, you have good leave for me and we're going
open the doors of happiness and
Look there, won the title right here, sea.
my other and both holders is not
that is not coin of coins
but passing the time of the year here
Let's see what we got here.
Neon and here arminha the
Aquidauanense place have much time
Crazy
will see that the weapons
here was a rifle the debater the scholar
adapted and say if this gun for you
Here's a little more review of her.
and I come here the single emblem of mine
also that much of the time beauty or
then lending liked the name of that
what he said and if possible sign up
in the channel
Okay, he said and I went